PrestoPlot® Sofware License ===========================

Please read attentively the provisions of this License before downloading the
SOFTWARE. The use of the SOFTWARE by the Licensee means that the latter has
agreed with the provisions of this License. The SOFTWARE, subject of this
License, registered at the Agence pour la Protection des Programmes (
(FR.001.150020 .000.R.P.2006.000.10800), is co-owned by CNES and BELSPO, joint
holders of the economic rights of the software.

The CNES has delegated the BELSPO to ensure the exploitation of the said
SOFTWARE.

CNES is also the owner of the French trademark registered under n°3372859 and
the Community trademark registered under n°4818506.

As a work, the SOFTWARE is protected by the French Code of intellectual
property (article L111-1 and next of the Code). On the SOFTWARE, CNES grants a
non-exclusive free License to the Licensee, who can be a physical or a moral
person.

LANGUAGE OF THE LICENSE AND APPLICABLE LAW
------------------------------------------

The License is established in French and English language. In the case of a
dispute, the French version is the one that prevails.

This License is governed by French law. If a dispute in connection with the
interpretation or performance of the Licencse, the dispute shall be brought
before the French competent court.

DURATION OF THE LICENSE
-----------------------

The License is granted for a period of ten (10) years, renewable by tacit
agreement. In any case, the total duration of this License shall not exceed the
duration of the legal protection of copyright.

TERRITORY
---------

The present License is granted worldwide. However, due to the sensitive nature
of any product originating from the space sector, the Licensee agrees
imperatively to strictly comply with French and European export control
regulations.

RIGHTS CONCEDED
---------------

CNES grants the Licensee a non-exclusive and free right to use the SOFTWARE,
provided in executable form with its documentation. This non-exclusive right of
use consists entirely in the implementation of the program to obtain the
requested operation.

CNES grants Licensee the non-exclusive right to sublicense the SOFTWARE free of
charge. The Licensee is not authorized to make copies of the SOFTWARE, other
than a backup if it is necessary to preserve the use of the SOFTWARE.

LICENSEE’S OBLIGATIONS
----------------------

These rights are granted subject to the following conditions:

    * The Licensee shall not commercially exploit the SOFTWARE as such.
      However, the Licensee may sell products incorporating the SOFTWARE,
      and services based on the SOFTWARE.

    * The Licensee shall not adapt, transform, modify or translate the
      SOFTWARE.

    * The Licensee agrees to mention and maintain all CNES property and
      copyright notices on all media of the SOFTWARE. In case of publications,
      communications or presentations, the Licensee agrees to quote the CNES
      (Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales).

    * The Licensee shall not use the SOFTWARE in such a way as to damage the
      image of CNES, and in particular its scientific and technical
      reputation.

    * The Licensee undertakes to ensure that its sub-licensees comply with all
      the provisions of to its sub-licensees. If any of these obligations are
      not complied with, the Licensee shall immediately become a counterfeiter
      and may be sued for counterfeit.

GARANTEE
--------

The Licensee uses the SOFTWARE as it is provided herein at his own expense,
risks, without any guarantee from CNES. Any guarantee of any kind such as
guarantee against counterfeit is here excluded. CNES cannot guarantee that the
SOFTWARE is free from bugs and defaults, and has no obligation of correcting
any anomalies of any kind nor any deficiencies of the SOFTWARE. CNES cannot
guarantee that the SOFTWARE is consistent with the Licensee's needs.

In the same way, CNES is not responsible for any loss of profit or revenue, or
data, or any direct or indirect damage, which could arise from the use of the
SOFTWARE or the inability to use the SOFTWARE. The Licensee accepts that CNES
cannot be sued.

RESILIATION
-----------

The License automatically terminates if Licensee breaches the terms and
conditions of this License. In such event, Licensee shall not be entitled to
any refund whatsoever. The Licensee shall return the SOFTWARE to CNES and shall
not retain any copy of it, without prejudice to any damages that may be claimed
by the Licensee as compensation for any loss it may have suffered as a result
of such breach.
